DOC-3143: Update key information about trial period behaviour for document converters on Tiny Cloud. (#3640)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/exportword.adoc

  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportword',

>   toolbar: 'exportword',
>   exportword_token_provider: () => { // required when using the Export to Word plugin with Tiny Cloud.
>     return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
>       method: 'POST',
>       headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
>     }).then(response => response.json());
>   },
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  toolbar: 'exportword',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to Word plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportword_token_provider: () => {
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    }).then(response => response.json());
  },
});
```

  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportword',
  toolbar: 'exportword',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to Word plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportword_token_provider: () => {
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },

>     }).then(response => response.json());

Reviewer 2: What is the expected JSON structure? Is it supposed to be encoded? FYI https://auth0.com/docs/secure/tokens/json-web-tokens/json-web-token-structure

Reviewer: @tiny-ben-tran you mean encrypted?

  },
});
----

[NOTE]
For more infomation on the exportword_token_provider option, see xref:exportword.adoc#exportword-token-provider[exportword_token_provider]

[IMPORTANT]
====
The {pluginname} plugin **requires** JWT authentication when using the {companyname} Cloud service.

* Configure the `{plugincode}_token_provider` option to specify the endpoint for retrieving a valid JWT token.
* If hosting locally, use the format `+http://localhost:[port]/jwt+`, ensuring the endpoint returns a JSON object containing the token.

For more information on how to set up JWT authentication with {pluginname}, see examples:

* xref:export-to-word-with-jwt-authentication-nodejs.adoc[{pluginname} with JWT authentication (Node.js)]
* xref:export-to-word-with-jwt-authentication-php.adoc[{pluginname} with JWT authentication (PHP)]

**Trial period behavior:**

* The {pluginname} plugin runs in evaluation mode and adds a watermark to exported content.
* The `{plugincode}_token_provider` option is "not required" during the trial period.
* If the trial period "expires" or the plugin lacks the necessary entitlement, it becomes _non-functional_.

> * Attempting to use JWT authentication during the trial will result in an _error_.

Reviewer 2: Is it possible to use partial?

  selector: 'textarea',
  plugins: 'exportword',
  toolbar: 'exportword',
// Below option is only required when using the cloud-based Export to Word plugin from Tiny.Cloud.
// Avoid setting it up during the trial period.
  exportword_token_provider: () => {
    return fetch('http://localhost:3000/jwt', { // specify your token endpoint
      method: 'POST',
      headers: { 'Content-Type': 'application/json' },
    }).then(response => response.json());
  },
});
----

[NOTE]
For more infomation on the exportword_token_provider option, see xref:exportword.adoc#exportword-token-provider[exportword_token_provider]

[IMPORTANT]
====
The {pluginname} plugin **requires** JWT authentication when using the {companyname} Cloud service.

* Configure the `{plugincode}_token_provider` option to specify the endpoint for retrieving a valid JWT token.

> * If hosting locally, use the format `+http://localhost:[port]/jwt+`, ensuring the endpoint returns a xref:exportword.adoc#data-structure[valid JSON object] containing the token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If hosting locally, use the format `+http://localhost:[port]/jwt+`, ensuring the endpoint returns a xref:exportword.adoc#data-structure[JSON] containing the token.
```
